Docs: add EU cloud links to services. (#19831)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-ckbox/docs/features/ckbox.md

### Configuring the API service

> Using the CKBox cloud service, you should configure the base URL of the API service via the {@link module:ckbox/ckboxconfig~CKBoxConfig#serviceOrigin `config.ckbox.serviceOrigin`} option. The default region is US-EAST-1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the CKBox cloud service, you should configure the base URL of the API service via the {@link module:ckbox/ckboxconfig~CKBoxConfig#serviceOrigin `config.ckbox.serviceOrigin`} option. The default region is United States (Northern Virginia).
```
A small suggestion from me – in the customer portal, which customers are familiar with, we do not use AWS abbreviations, only full names.
